# Simultaneous Transmission of Information and Power

>The problem of communication is usually cast as one of transmitting a message generated at one point to another point. Therefore, electricity in the wires became merely a carrier of messages, not a source of power. This understanding of signals independently from their physical embodiments led to modern communication theory, but it also blocked other possible directions. This led to the division of electrical engineering into two distinct subfields, electric power engineering and communication engineering. Some have argued that the greatest inventions of civilization either transform, store, and transmit energy or they transform, store, and transmit information. Although quite reasonable, many engineering systems actually deal with both energy and information. Representation of signals requires the modulation of energy, matter, or some such thing.

>Are there scenarios where one would want to transmit energy and information simultaneously over a single line? If there is a power-limited receiver that can harvest received energy, then one should want both things. Modern communication systems that operate under severe energy constraints may also benefit from harvesting received energy. A powerful base station, may effectively be used to recharge mobile devices. In RFID systems, the energy provided through the forward channel is used to transmit over the backward channel.

>This experiment deals with the tradeoff between transferring energy and transmitting information over a single noisy line. A characterization of communication systems that simultaneously meet two goals: 1) large transferred energy per unit time, and 2) large transmitted information per unit time, is provided.
